caf: Sizes of enums inside events (#9758)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Common Application Framework (CAF)
----------------------------------

> * :ref:`caf_overview_events`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`caf_overview_events`:
```

>   * Improved inter-core compatibility.
>     Added macro intended to set 32-bit size of events member enums when event_manager_proxy is enabled.
>     Applied macro to all affected caf events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Improved inter-core compatibility.
  * Added a macro intended to set the size of events member enums to 32 bits when the Event Manager Proxy is enabled.
  * Applied macro to all affected CAF events.
```

Reviewer: please double-check the meaning after adjustments (2nd bullet point)
